people MAB 1 null
history BAR 1  null
way ARE 1  null
art AIB 1  null
world AIB 1  null
information AIB 1  null
map AIB 1  null
two AIB 1  null
family AIB 1  null
government AIB 1  null
health AIB 1  null
system AIB 1  null
computer AIB 1  null
meat AIB 1  null
year AIB 1  null
thanks RES 1  null
music AIB 1  null
person AIB 1  null
reading AIB 1  null
method ABR 1  null
data ABR 1  null
food ABR 1  null
understanding ABR 1  null
theory ABR 1  null
law ABR 1  null
bird ABR 1  null
literature ABR 1  null
problem PIDR 1  null
software PIDR 1  null
control PIDR 1  null
knowledge PIDR 1  null
power PIDR 1  null
ability PIDR 1  null
economics PIDR 1  null
love PIDR 1  null
internet PIDR 1  null
television PIDR 1  null
science PIDR 1  null
library PIDR 1  null
nature PIDR 1  null
fact PIDR 1  null
product PIDR 1 null
idea PIDR 1 null
temperature PIDR 1  null
investment PIDR 1  null
area PIDR 1  null
society ABR 1 null
activity ABR 1 null
story ABR 1  null
industry ABR 1  null
media ABR 1  null
thing ABR 1  null
oven ABR 1  null
community ABD 1  null
definition ABR 1  null
safety ABD 1 null
quality ABD 1  null
development ABD 1  null
language ABD 1  null
management ABD 1  null
player ABD 1  null
variety ABD 1  null
video ASP 1  null
week ABD 1  null
security ABD 1  null
country BID 1  null
exam BID 1  null
movie BID 1  null
organization BID 1  null
equipment BID 1  null
physics BID 1  null
analysis BID 1  null
policy BID 1  null
series BID 1  null
thought BID 1  null
basis BID 1  null
boyfriend BID 1  null
direction BID 1  null
strategy BID 1  null
technology BID 1  null
army BID 1  null
camera BID 1  null
freedom BID 1  null
paper BID 1  null
environment BID 1  null
child BID 1  null
instance BID 1  null
month BIRD 1  null
truth BIRD 1  null
marketing BIRD 1  null
university BIRD 1  null
writing BIRD 1  null
article BIRD 1  null
department BIRD 1 null
difference AID 2 null
goal ABD 3 null
news AID 8 null
audience AID 4 null
fishing AID 3 null
time AID 2 null
killer AID 1  null